you
what's going on you crazy bastards get
back here with Rob Kimble on the sons of
wrestling for a TNA Impact Wrestling
early review and we just got done with
Bobby Roode and MVP in a Falls Count
Anywhere match and in the six sides in
New York City pretty goddamn cool to see
MVP wrestling injured now how bad is
this injury for him to go as he did is
he played it off is it not as serious as
it was I don't know this was recorded a
few weeks ago or is he in need of a
second surgery so he's like a kurt
angle's as fuck it let's go for it is
that something that's going on with MVP
not quite sure and Bobby really looking
strong coming real strong out of this
match with a sharpshooter and he was
attacking his knee viciously with a
chair that the surgically repaired knee
on MVP so he has this vicious side still
armed where do you think Bobby Roode
goes from here bout the glory coming up
in a few months this fall is going to be
very interesting to see what happens I
can't wait it's Bobby Roode going to be
put back into that title picture again
like he was a couple years ago I hope so
good stuff to become of it if he is put
into that situation so guys comment
below what do you think where's Bobby
Roode going what's coming up for Bobby
Lashley and what's the deal with MVP and
did you guys hear the crowd pop for ey
when he came out to make the save for
Kenny Kings interference pretty goddamn
good for not being you know for this guy
that people didn't think deserve to be
championship crowd pop just for that ten
seconds Forever Young out there so what
did you guys think of that comment below
hit the thumbs up and follow me on
twitter at rob Kimble brand and i'll
catch you guys all night peace